Update set-up.md (#12553)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/basic-mobility-security/set-up.md

If you don't have a custom domain associated with Microsoft 365 or if you're not managing Windows devices, you can skip this section. Otherwise, you'll need to add DNS records for the domain at your DNS host. If you've added the records already, as part of setting up your domain with Microsoft 365, you're all set. After you add the records, Microsoft 365 users in your organization who sign in on their Windows device with an email address that uses your custom domain are redirected to enroll in Basic Mobility and Security.

> Need help setting up the records? Find your domain registrar and select the registrar name to go to step-by-step help for creating DNS record in the list provided in [Add DNS records to connect your domain](/office365/admin/get-help-with-domains/create-dns-records-at-any-dns-hosting-provider). Use the below details to create CNAME records

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help setting up the records? Find your domain registrar and select the registrar name to go to step-by-step help for creating DNS records in the list provided in [Add DNS records to connect your domain](/office365/admin/get-help-with-domains/create-dns-records-at-any-dns-hosting-provider). Use the following details to create CNAME records:
```
